README.md, before:

# Hyperliquid Stablecoin Dashboard [DEMO](https://goldsky-dashboard.vercel.app/)

A comprehensive dashboard showcasing both Goldsky pipelines and traditional subgraphs to provide real-time, scalable analytics on Hyperliquid stablecoins. This project demonstrates the strengths and trade-offs of each approach in Web3 data indexing.

---

## What Problem This Project Solves

Hyperliquid’s stablecoin ecosystem requires reliable, scalable, and low-latency access to on-chain data across multiple tokens and chains. Traditional subgraphs often face challenges such as:

- Higher latency with increasing event throughput.
- Limited flexibility in combining on-chain and off-chain data.
- Complex infrastructure and maintenance overhead.

This project leverages **Goldsky pipelines** to stream on-chain stablecoin transfer data directly into a PostgreSQL data warehouse, enabling:

- Real-time data access with minimal latency.
- Flexible data enrichment and advanced analytics in your own database.
- Easier scaling and multi-chain, multi-token support.

At the same time, it uses **subgraphs** for parts of the app where structured GraphQL querying is beneficial, demonstrating the pros and cons of each.

---

## Project Architecture

### Goldsky Pipelines (Streaming Approach)

- Stream on-chain token transfer data into PostgreSQL tables per token.
- Supported tokens include `usdxl`, `kei`, `feusd`, `usde`, `ush`, `usr`, `usdhl`, `hbusdt`.
- Data is available in real-time for analytics, notifications, and app consumption.
- Allows customized SQL queries, enriched analytics, and moderate/large workloads.

### Subgraph Components

- Used alongside Goldsky pipelines for GraphQL querying of more static or structured data.
- Provides quick developer experience and integration with existing dApps.
- Great for specific, lower traffic, and tightly scoped queries.

### User Authentication & Identity

- Integrates **Privy** for secure, multi-method login enabling easy onboarding.
- Supports **embedded wallets** created post-login, removing the need for external wallet dependencies.
- Displays **Hyperliquid Names (.hl)** as user identities when linked to wallet addresses, improving usability and personalization.

---

## Features

- Real-time streaming and storage of multi-token stablecoin transfers via pipelines.
- PostgreSQL backend running in Docker, accessible via secure tunnels or VPN.
- Configurable subscription-based whale alerts on token transfers.
- Analytical commands like leaderboards, holder distributions, and transfer activity spikes.
- User login and embedded wallet management through Privy.
- Identity display using Hyperliquid Names (.hl).
- Demo Telegram bot querying pipeline data (optional).

---

## Setup Overview

1. **PostgreSQL Docker Container:**  
   Runs with dedicated persistent storage.

2. **Goldsky Pipelines:**  
   Configure pipeline with your connection URL (project uses PostgreSQL SQL).

3. **Data Access:**  
   Connect your analytics tools or apps directly to Postgres for customized queries.

4. **Subgraphs:**  
   Implement or integrate subgraphs for parts of your app needing GraphQL APIs.

5. **User Authentication:**  
   Set up Privy for login and embedded wallets with Hyperliquid Name integration.

6. **Networking:**  
   Use ngrok (development), VPN, or SSH tunnels for database connection.

---

## Why Use Both Pipelines and Subgraphs?

| Feature                     | Goldsky Pipelines                  | Subgraphs                        |
|----------------------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Data Latency               | Low, streaming real-time data     | Moderate, query-based            |
| Data Model                | Flexible, combines on/off-chain   | Structured for on-chain only    |
| Scalability               | High throughput, multi-chain      | Best for low/moderate traffic   |
| Query Language            | SQL                              | GraphQL                        |
| Infrastructure           | User-managed storage/queries      | Hosted managed indexing         |
| Use Cases                | Real-time analytics, big data      | Specific dApp or API queries    |

---

## Future Improvements and Features

- **Mint Hyperliquid Names (.hl) directly from the dashboard** to enable users to secure human-readable identities.
- **Create alerts and notifications via the dashboard UI** without relying solely on Telegram bot commands—making it more user-friendly.
- **Multi-platform alert delivery**, including Discord, Telegram, email, and other messaging apps to increase accessibility.
- **Expanded embedded wallet features** such as transaction signing and portfolio management within the dashboard.
- **Enhanced analytics**, including deeper token flow visualizations, historical trends, and predictive alerts.

---

## Contact

Open issues or pull requests for questions, improvements, and collaboration.

Commit message:

Update README with hackathon announcement
Added announcement about winning 2nd position in Hyperliquid Community Hackathon.

README.md, after:

# Hyperliquid Stablecoin Dashboard [DEMO](https://goldsky-dashboard.vercel.app/)

A comprehensive dashboard showcasing both Goldsky pipelines and traditional subgraphs to provide real-time, scalable analytics on Hyperliquid stablecoins. This project demonstrates the strengths and trade-offs of each approach in Web3 data indexing.

---
### Announcement: This project won 2nd position in Hyperliquid Community Hackathon Bounty (Best Use of Goldsky .
> <img width="984" height="458" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3cd0eecd-8427-4bbb-b4b4-a23f99c1ec95" />

## What Problem This Project Solves

Hyperliquid’s stablecoin ecosystem requires reliable, scalable, and low-latency access to on-chain data across multiple tokens and chains. Traditional subgraphs often face challenges such as:

- Higher latency with increasing event throughput.
- Limited flexibility in combining on-chain and off-chain data.
- Complex infrastructure and maintenance overhead.

This project leverages **Goldsky pipelines** to stream on-chain stablecoin transfer data directly into a PostgreSQL data warehouse, enabling:

- Real-time data access with minimal latency.
- Flexible data enrichment and advanced analytics in your own database.
- Easier scaling and multi-chain, multi-token support.

At the same time, it uses **subgraphs** for parts of the app where structured GraphQL querying is beneficial, demonstrating the pros and cons of each.

---

## Project Architecture

### Goldsky Pipelines (Streaming Approach)

- Stream on-chain token transfer data into PostgreSQL tables per token.
- Supported tokens include `usdxl`, `kei`, `feusd`, `usde`, `ush`, `usr`, `usdhl`, `hbusdt`.
- Data is available in real-time for analytics, notifications, and app consumption.
- Allows customized SQL queries, enriched analytics, and moderate/large workloads.

### Subgraph Components

- Used alongside Goldsky pipelines for GraphQL querying of more static or structured data.
- Provides quick developer experience and integration with existing dApps.
- Great for specific, lower traffic, and tightly scoped queries.

### User Authentication & Identity

- Integrates **Privy** for secure, multi-method login enabling easy onboarding.
- Supports **embedded wallets** created post-login, removing the need for external wallet dependencies.
- Displays **Hyperliquid Names (.hl)** as user identities when linked to wallet addresses, improving usability and personalization.

---

## Features

- Real-time streaming and storage of multi-token stablecoin transfers via pipelines.
- PostgreSQL backend running in Docker, accessible via secure tunnels or VPN.
- Configurable subscription-based whale alerts on token transfers.
- Analytical commands like leaderboards, holder distributions, and transfer activity spikes.
- User login and embedded wallet management through Privy.
- Identity display using Hyperliquid Names (.hl).
- Demo Telegram bot querying pipeline data (optional).

---

## Setup Overview

1. **PostgreSQL Docker Container:**  
   Runs with dedicated persistent storage.

2. **Goldsky Pipelines:**  
   Configure pipeline with your connection URL (project uses PostgreSQL SQL).

3. **Data Access:**  
   Connect your analytics tools or apps directly to Postgres for customized queries.

4. **Subgraphs:**  
   Implement or integrate subgraphs for parts of your app needing GraphQL APIs.

5. **User Authentication:**  
   Set up Privy for login and embedded wallets with Hyperliquid Name integration.

6. **Networking:**  
   Use ngrok (development), VPN, or SSH tunnels for database connection.

---

## Why Use Both Pipelines and Subgraphs?

| Feature                     | Goldsky Pipelines                  | Subgraphs                        |
|----------------------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Data Latency               | Low, streaming real-time data     | Moderate, query-based            |
| Data Model                | Flexible, combines on/off-chain   | Structured for on-chain only    |
| Scalability               | High throughput, multi-chain      | Best for low/moderate traffic   |
| Query Language            | SQL                              | GraphQL                        |
| Infrastructure           | User-managed storage/queries      | Hosted managed indexing         |
| Use Cases                | Real-time analytics, big data      | Specific dApp or API queries    |

---

## Future Improvements and Features

- **Mint Hyperliquid Names (.hl) directly from the dashboard** to enable users to secure human-readable identities.
- **Create alerts and notifications via the dashboard UI** without relying solely on Telegram bot commands—making it more user-friendly.
- **Multi-platform alert delivery**, including Discord, Telegram, email, and other messaging apps to increase accessibility.
- **Expanded embedded wallet features** such as transaction signing and portfolio management within the dashboard.
- **Enhanced analytics**, including deeper token flow visualizations, historical trends, and predictive alerts.

---

## Contact

Open issues or pull requests for questions, improvements, and collaboration.
